SociaLLM is a service that tweets for you. It uses an LLM to generate tweets based on your calendar.

Entities: 
 
Calendar: 
    - id 
    - user 
    - url 
    - tokenId 
    - Schedule 
 
User:
    - id 
    - name 
    - email 
    - commercial (boolean) 
 
Event:
    - start 
    - end 
    - name 
    - description (yaml) 
    - location 
 
The service tweets for every event on the calendar based on the Calendar's Schedule. A Schedule has a list of ScheduleTimes. At the moment, there is only one Schedule per Calendar. 
 
ScheduleTime:
- id 
- event 
- timedelta 
 
ScheduleTimes contain the time delta between the event and the time the tweet should be sent. It may be negative or positive. 
 
The tweet is generated by an LLM. This may be a model trained on the user's own tweets, or an open model like GPT-3.5. 
 
As much of the code as possible should be generated from an LLM. This includes the models, the API, and the frontend. 
 
Along with the API, there should be a frontend for managing the calendar and the schedule. This should be a single-page app. 
 
The frontend should be able to: 
- Provide a secure login for Google and Twitter 
- Create a calendar 
- Create a schedule 
- Add events to the calendar 
- Add schedule times to the schedule 
- View the tweets that will be sent 
- View the tweets that have been scheduled 
- View the tweets that have been sent 

Work required by the developer to get the service running:
- Create a Google Calendar API project
- Create a Twitter API project
- Create a Google Calendar
- Create a Helm chart
- Create a Dockerfile
- Create a Kubernetes deployment
- Create a Kubernetes service
- Create a Kubernetes ingress
- Create a Kubernetes secret for the Google Calendar API client credentials
- Create a Kubernetes secret for the Twitter API client credentials
- Create a Kubernetes secret for the Twitter API user credentials
- Create a Kubernetes secret for the LLM API credentials


For each event in the calendar:
- Get the event's description
- Generate a tweet using the LLM
- Send the tweet using the Twitter API

We want to receive new calendar events efficiently. That means we should use the WebSockets API for 
Google Calendar. By using WebSockets, we can receive new events as soon as they are created.